Add IResolveFieldContext.User (#3226)
graphql-dotnet/graphql-dotnet: docs2/site/docs/migrations/migration7.md

Note that global attributes may also be added to the `GlobalSwitches.GlobalAttributes` collection.

### 8. `ExecutionOptions.User` property added and available to validation rules and field resolvers

> You may pass an `IPrincipal` instance into `ExecutionOptions` and it will be fed through to

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You may pass a `ClaimsPrincipal` instance into `ExecutionOptions` and it will be fed through to
```

`ValidationContext.User`, `IExecutionContext.User` and `IResolveFieldContext.User` so the value
is accessible by validation rules, document listeners, field middleware and field resolvers.

> This property is similar in nature to the ASP.NET Core `HttpContext.User` propery, not being

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This property is similar in nature to the ASP.NET Core `HttpContext.User` property, not being
```
